About Loci: Memory Palace:
Memory champions don’t remember everything in a cursory manner; they use the Loci technique, storing lists in familiar places. Loci: Memory Palace brings this method to life in the AVP. Walk through virtual environments that feel like home and attach objects to train your memory. Our demo features 50 dad jokes scattered throughout the palace, making memorization fun and effective. 

Take this example: to remember the joke “How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together!,” we've attached our model: a cute penguin standing proudly in front of an igloo– to a memory beacon inside of our palace, that being a bed inside of the Medical Bay. This visual cue helps you recall both the joke and its punchline. Now, we can retrace our steps through this palace to make sure we’re never short of a joke :)

Using the idea that human brain is better at remembering images and locations than abstract information, users will be able to attach objects, images, or words that they want to memorize in specific locations around their house or familiar spaces. Users can interact with these objects through gestures, attaching detailed notes or multimedia content to each item for deeper cognitive connection. Such customizable, interactive environment not only aids in memory training but also in testing recall through systemic challenges where users locate and identify the purpose of each object.

Numerous studies indicate that engaging in 3D spatial context enhances memory encoding and retrieval, making Loci a perfect app for users to train and test their cognitive ability.  
